Extend approval options (#3348) (#4429)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/docs/20-usage/75-project-settings.md

Otherwise, these users will be able to steal secrets that are only available for `deploy` events.
:::

> ## Require approval for

Author: This can stay as we don't deploy docs from 2.8 anyways, right?!

> To prevent malicious pipelines from extracting secrets or running harmful commands or to prevent accidental pipeline runs, you can require approval for an additional review process. Depending on the enabled option, a pipeline will be put on hold after creation and will only continue after approval. The default restrictive setting is `None`.

Reviewer: I think I'll checkout the release branch to create versioned docs and use that for main then ... once v2.8.0 was released

Author: For new repos this is actually not required and could stay as is.

> To prevent malicious pipelines from extracting secrets or running harmful commands or to prevent accidental pipeline runs, you can require approval for an additional review process. Depending on the enabled option, a pipeline will be put on hold after creation and will only continue after approval. The default restrictive setting is `Approvals for forked repositories`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent malicious pipelines from extracting secrets or running harmful commands or to prevent accidental pipeline runs, you can require approval for an additional review process. Depending on the enabled option, a pipeline will be put on hold after creation and will only continue after approval. The default restrictive setting is `None`.
```
